---
layout: post
title: "Learn From the US About Land Finance"
author: "Haoyu"
categories: journal
tags: [land use,finance,US,China]

---

*#AUTO TRANSLATED FROM CHINESE VISION*

Since the establishment of the credit system in modern times, the government can overdraw the future income for the accumulation of original capital; the tax sharing system reform in 1994 reduced the local government’s tax revenue but made the local government obtain the right of land tax. Since then, China has started “land finance”.

 # 1 Current Land Finance Mode in China

In the traditional economy, large-scale urbanization mainly relies on the accumulation of surplus wealth in the past; however, due to the huge one-time investment, the development of the city is seriously restricted. Since the establishment of the credit system in modern times, the government can overdraw the future income for the accumulation of original capital; the tax sharing system reform in 1994 reduced the local government’s tax revenue but made the local government obtain the right of land tax. Since then, China has started “land finance”.

Professor Zhao Yanjing proposed that the essence of land finance is financing rather than income. Western governments collect personal tax to provide corresponding public services; but in China, due to the imperfection of personal tax system and the small proportion of the taxed population, local governments can not identify who has the right to enjoy urban public services, so they have to use household registration to limit the supply of public services. Household registration is closely related to real estate, so the essence of land finance is to invest in urban public services through one-time financing.

“Land finance” is a kind of financial instrument. It is a double-edged sword, which will cause many problems. The essence of “land finance” is financing, so it has a certain income. Only when the income is higher than the conventional investment mode, real estate will become a popular investment product, and the capital will continue to flow in. The property of investment products makes the wealth of the people who hold the real estate will continue to increase, which will open the gap between the rich and the poor with other groups. As a financial instrument, the essence of “land finance” must have financial risks. Once the real estate price falls sharply, it will bring a financial crisis.

The origin of land finance mentioned above is mainly due to the need for a large number of original capital for large-scale urban construction; with the reduction of large-scale urban construction and the completion of original capital accumulation, land finance should shift from one-time financing to sustainable growth of taxation. Many western countries have experienced this transformation and achieved good results. Therefore, I will discuss the road of china’s transformation based on the evolution of land finance in the united states.

# 2 Land Finance Development in the United States

The development and evolution of land revenue in the united states can be divided into the following stages: the first stage, from 1776 to 1861, was dominated by land sales; the second stage was the period from the beginning of the civil war to 1900 when property tax began to be generally collected in all states, land revenue is mainly concentrated at the state level, accounting for more than 50% of the total revenue; the third stage is from 1900 to 1942, the land fiscal revenue transferred from the state to the local governments below, accounting for 70% of the total revenue; the fourth stage is from the mid-1940s to the present, the land revenue of local governments below the state level is mainly property tax, and the proportion of land revenue in the total revenue is gradually reduced to 30%.

Among the various components of land revenue in the united states, in the early stage, the income from land sales in the united states was dominated; after the privatization of state-owned land, the land revenue in the united states was dominated by property tax on land and real estate, and the proportion of property tax in total land revenue remained stable after a substantial increase although the government also collects inheritance and gift tax, it accounts for a small proportion of the total land revenue, while other land-related fee income items have increased, but the total amount is very small.

There are two main types of land tax revenue in the united states, namely property tax, and inheritance tax. The property tax in the united states has a long history and is relatively stable. It has been levied since the beginning of the 19th century, while the inheritance tax is relatively late and the amount is small. Therefore, the land tax revenue in the united states is mainly property tax, and its internal structure has not changed significantly, so it is relatively stable. The united states have not collected all kinds of taxes on land like other countries and have always used a single property tax system to obtain land income.

# 3 Ideas Learned from "American Style"

In the process of transformation in the united states, the federal government gives up land revenue, and local governments levy property taxes. This means that a large number of taxes need to be devolved from the central government to the local government or even to the “school districts” at the lower level. Obviously, the central government can not pay a huge amount of land sales revenue, so it can not be realized through the first method of the united states, i.e., decentralization of tax rights.

An important and central point in the process of transformation in the united states is to transform the proceeds from land sales into a new model that can replace the existing model. Zhao Yanjing proposed that the basis of the change is to change the existing tax system, which is a mainly indirect tax. The reason why the property tax in the united states can be implemented smoothly and smoothly is that the mode of collecting tax directly from individuals has become mature. Therefore, the tax reform in 1862 abolished the income from land sales and changed to local property tax, which can meet the requirement of the total amount of personal tax unchanged, but only the transformation of the main body of tax collection. However, in China, the tax paid directly by individuals only accounts for 7.94% of the total tax revenue. In fact, the collection of property tax is the pure collection, which is to increase the total tax for individuals. On the other hand, American land is private, so it is reasonable for private owners to pay the corresponding property tax to the government after the public services invested by the government increase the value of the land. However, according to the law of our country, the real estate owner has a fixed number of years for the right to use the land. Although the new property law provides for the expiration and automatic renewal, there is no detailed description. In this case, it is unreasonable to use the property tax system of the united states.

The distribution of property tax in the united states is about 1:25:25 in state governments, local governments, and school districts. Therefore, most of the taxes are used for education expenditure and environmental improvement in residential areas, which enables residents to participate more in community construction and autonomy, and are more willing to pay property tax. If the property tax is collected by the local government, the local government should strengthen the transparency of the use of property tax, and use it to improve the quality of life of residents.

The negative effect of property tax can also be found from the situation after the collection of property tax in the united states. The collection of property tax aggravates the regional differences, resulting in community isolation, and the impact of the collection mode on residents.

The collection of property tax aggravates regional differences. People with similar incomes tend to live in the same area in order to get satisfactory public services, which leads to the polarization between the rich community and the poor community, resulting in residential segregation and class division, which is contrary to social equity. The way of property tax collection also has a great impact on residents. “how much” is our most concerning problem as ordinary residents. In the united states, the total real estate tax is calculated by subtracting the total revenue from the total local government budget. The tax burden on residents depends on the tax rate and property valuation. The tax rate depends on the total amount of property tax, while property valuation depends on the government’s assessment of real estate. There are different valuation methods across the united states, each with its own advantages and disadvantages.

It is a consensus in academia to abandon the existing land finance model, but it is easy to give up and difficult to replace. In order to use the tax model in the west, it has experienced much turbulence, but its accumulation mode is the cornerstone of the country’s stable development.